[Doctor 1 [Season "1" [Story "An Unearthly Child" 1 4 None Partial (Just "only episode 1") "Two schoolteachers, Barbara and Ian, follow one of their students (Susan) home, only to discover a strange policebox in a junkyard..." "The last 3 episodes of this story are dry and difficult to watch. They have several repeated scenes, and the plot is not very interesting",Story "The Daleks" 2 7 None No (Just "this story is incredibly slow paced, so I can't recommend it, unless you really want to watch the origin of the daleks.") "The Tardis crew land on the alien jungle planet Skaro, and are captured by a mutated race of people known as The Daleks" "The main cast is fleshed out a lot in this story, and there is a lot of tension. But the pace is excruciatingly slow.",Story "The Edge of Destruction" 3 2 None Maybe Nothing "Something is wrong with the Tardis, and it seems like one of the crew has sabotaged the ship..." "Very tense and mysterious episodes - however the second episode drags on a bit, and plot contrivances force everyone to act out of character",Story "Marco Polo" 4 7 All Maybe (Just "if you're ok with a reconstruction") "The travellers arive in China and meet Marco Polo. He coerces them into joining his caravan, and they end up embroiled in political intrigue in the far east..." "One of the first historical stories, and it works really well as a contrast to the stories around it. The villains are more complex and the problems they face are more personal. Not much action - which means the lack of video isn't a problem.",Story "The Keys of Marinus" 5 6 None Highly Nothing "The Tardis crew must travel all across the planet of Marinus to find the keys to the AI that runs their society..." "This is a big story, divided into several little ones - a format that works very very well, and mitigates a lot of the pacing issues the early seasons had. However the script was rushed, and you can tell.",Story "The Aztecs" 6 4 None Yes Nothing "Barbara is mistaken as an Aztec God, and attempts to use this mistake to end the 